Do I love you? My God, if your love were a grain of sand, mine would be a universe of beaches.
I love you right up to the moon, and back.
You have bewitched me, body and soul, and I love, I love, I love you. I never wish to be parted from you from this day on.
I love you more than I have ever found a way to say to you.
I do know some things. I know I love you. I know you love me.
I said I love you and that's forever, and this I promise from the heart. I could not love you any better. I love you just the way you are.
I love you the way a drowning man loves air. And it would destroy me to have you just a little.
So, I love you because the entire universe conspired to help me find you.
Storm clouds may gather and stars may collide, but I love you until the end of time.
Whatever happens tomorrow, or for the rest of my life, I'm happy now, because I love you.
I love you. I knew it the minute I met you. I'm sorry it took so long for me to catch up. I just got stuck.
I love you without knowing how, or when, or from where. I love you straightforwardly, without complexities or pride; so I love you because I know no other way than this: where I does not exist, nor you, so close that your hand on my chest is my hand, so close that your eyes close as I fall asleep.
For all the things my hands have held, the best by far is you.
You should know how great things were before you. Even so, they're better still today. I can't think of who I was before you ruined everything in the nicest way.
You think you're one of millions but you're one in a million to me.
But the you who you are tonight is the same you I was in love with yesterday, the same you I'll be in love with tomorrow.
It's a miracle, just like the sunshine makes the flower grow. That's just the way you change my whole life show, through the sunshine of your tender love.
You're the sail of my love boat, you're the captain and crew; You will always be my necessity;I'd be lost without you.
You see, this is all we need. A couple smokes, a cup of coffee, and a little bit of conversation. You and me and five bucks.
You're the best thing I never knew I needed. So now it's so clear I need you here always.
My dearest friend, if you don't mind, I'd like to join you by your side where we can gaze into the stars and sit together, now and forever. For it is plain as anyone can see, we're simply meant to be.
We are all a little weird and life's a little weird, and when we find someone whose weirdness is compatible with ours, we join up with them and fall in mutual weirdness and call it love.
Sometimes your nearness takes my breath away; and all the things I want to say can find no voice. Then, in silence, I can only hope my eyes will speak my heart.
You are the one girl that made me risk everything for a future worth having.
You are the finest, loveliest, tenderest, and most beautiful person I have ever known; and even that is an understatement.
You and I, it's as though we have been taught to kiss in heaven and sent down to earth together, to see if we know what we were taught.
Because of you I can feel myself slowly but surely becoming the me I have always dreamed of being.
You make me happier than I ever thought I could be and if you let me, I will spend the rest of my life trying to make you feel the same way.
Your words are my food, your breath is my wine. You are everything to me.
It's like my life isn't even real to me unless you're there and you're in it and I'm sharing it with you.
I come here with no expectations, only to profess, now that I am at liberty to do so, that my heart is and always will be...yours.
I want to tell you with my last breath that I have always loved you. I would rather be a ghost, drifting by your side as a condemned soul, than enter heaven without you. Because of your love, I will never be a lonely spirit.
So it's not gonna be easy. It's going to be really hard; we're gonna have to work at this everyday, but I want to do that because I want you. I want all of you, forever, everyday.
It feels good to be the one, that you want when all I want is you.
In all the world, there is no heart for me like yours. In all the world, there is no love for you like mine.
When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.
I could not tell you if I loved you the first moment I saw you, or if it was the second or third or fourth. But I remember the first moment I looked at you walking toward me and realized that somehow the rest of the world seemed to vanish when I was with you.
When they ask me what I liked the best, I'll tell them, it was you.
Not even in my weakest moment have I considered letting you go.
If I could ask God one thing, it would be to stop the moon. Stop the moon and make this night and your beauty last forever.
If I had but an hour of love, if that be all that is given me, an hour of love upon this earth, I would give my love to thee.
I know that somehow, every step I took since the moment I could walk was a step towards finding you.
No measure of time with you will be long enough, but we'll start with forever.
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you.
I know by experience that the poets are right: love is eternal.
I can hear her heartbeat for a thousand miles, and the heavens open every time she smiles.
If the sun refused to shine, I would still be loving you.When mountains crumble to the sea, there will still be you and me.
He stepped down, trying not to look long at her, as if she were the sun, yet he saw her, like the sun, even without looking.
I look at you and I would rather look at you than all the portraits in the world.
A magnificence that comes out of your eyes, in your voice, in the way you stand there, in the way you walk. You're lit from within.
My night has become a sunny dawn because of you.
I wish you to know that you have been the last dream of my soul.
I couldn't crack the love code, dear, 'til you made the lock on my heart explode.
For the two of us, home isn't a place. It is a person. And we are finally home.
You're a beautiful woman, you deserve a beautiful life. Nothing less.
Bless your soul, so precious and delicate. Powerfully compassionate, your friendship held me together when the threat of unraveling, had me at the brink feeling inadequate.
Will I catch the moon like a bird in a cage? It's for you, I swoon, I'm always in love.
And when you smile, the whole world stops and stares for a while, cause you're amazing, just the way you are.
I feel wonderful because I see the love light in your eyes.
Have I told you lately that I love you? Have I told you there's no one above you? Fill my heart with gladness, take away my sadness, ease my troubles, that's what you do.
Whenever I'm alone with you, you make me feel like I am home again. Whenever I'm alone with you, you make me feel like I am whole again.
I'm in love with you, and I'm not in the business of denying myself the simple pleasure of saying true things.
For you see, each day I love you more, today more than yesterday and less than tomorrow.
Love is when you meet someone who tells you something new about yourself.
Each time you happen to me all over again.
And what do all the great words come to in the end, but that? I love you, I am at rest with you, I have come home.
I want you today, tomorrow, next week and for the rest of my life.
One word frees us of all the weight and pain of life: That word is love.
Our love cannot be measured, it just is.
The only thing we never get enough of is love; and the only thing we never give enough of is love.
In case you ever foolishly forget; I'm never not thinking of you.
I seem to have loved you in numberless forms, numberless times, in life after life, in age after age forever.
No matter where I went, I always knew my way back to you. You are my compass star.
You know I'd fall apart without you. I don't know how you do what you do, 'cause everything that don't make sense about me makes sense when I'm with you.
You are imperfect, permanently and inevitably flawed. And you are beautiful.
I wish I could show you when you are lonely or in darkness the astonishing light of your own being.
You and I could paint the sky together. As the world goes by, we'll go on forever.
Yours is the light by which my spirit's born: yours is the darkness of my soul's return. You are my sun, my moon, and all my stars.
So bright, the flames burned in our hearts, that we found each other in the dark.
Every atom of your flesh is as dear to me as my own: in pain and sickness it would still be dear.
How do I love thee? Let me count the ways. I love thee to the depth and breadth and height my soul can reach, when feeling out of sight; for the ends of being and ideal grace.
For 'twas not into my ear you whispered but into my heart. 'Twas not my lips you kissed, but my soul.
One day you will ask me which is more important, my life or yours? I will say mine and you will walk away not knowing that you are my life.
And I'd choose you; in a hundred lifetimes, in a hundred worlds, in any version of reality, I'd find you and I'd choose you.
I would rather spend one lifetime with you, than face all the ages of this world alone.
The minute I heard my first love story I started looking for you, not knowing how blind that was. Lovers don't finally meet somewhere. They're in each other all along.
Love is a quiet, reassuring, relaxing, pottering, pedantic, harmonious hum of a thing; something you can easily forget is there, even though its palms are outstretched beneath you in case you fall.
You're the only thing on this planet worth worshipping.
I can't forget the taste of your mouth. From your lips, all the heavens pour out. I can't forget when we are one. With you alone I am free.
Only the united beat of sex and the heart can create ecstasy.
Beneath the chandelier of stars and atmosphere, tangled like the roots on the ground. The windows opened up, the wind is blowing and we're both not making a sound. It's like I'm melting on into you.
And last night you were in my room and now my bedsheets smell like you. Every day discovering something brand new; I'm in love with your body.
You know I love it when you're loving me. Sometimes it's better when it's publicly; I'm not ashamed, I don't care who sees us hugging and kissing, our love exhibition.
I'll try to talk refined, for fear that you'll find out how I'm imagining you
So join me in this bed that I'm in. Push up on me and sweat, darling. So I'm gonna put my time in; I won't stop until the angels sing.
Remember, we're madly in love, so it's alright to kiss me anytime you feel like it.
She is the only evidence of God I have seen with the exception of the mysterious force that removes one sock from the dryer every time I do my laundry.
Yes, I'm drunk. And you're beautiful. And tomorrow morning, I'll be sober but you'll still be beautiful.
You're so beautiful, you could be a waitress. You're so beautiful, you could be an air hostess in the '60s. You're so beautiful, you could be a part-time model.
I never get out my leaf blower when Oprah is on. And when you're telling me about your feelings I try not to yawn. And when we're at parties I don't talk about your spastic bladder. When you're cleaning the gutters on the roof I hold the ladder. And if that isn't love, I don't know what love is.
Look, in my opinion, the best thing you can do is find a person who loves you for exactly what you are. Good mood, bad mood, ugly, pretty, handsome, what have you. The right person is still going to think the sun shines out of your ass. That's the kind of person that's worth sticking with.
I love you so much I almost forgot to brood.
When I'm around you, I kind of feel like I'm on drugs. Not that I do drugs. Unless you do drugs, in which case I do them all the time. All of them.
5, 6, 7, 8; I want you to be my mate. 1, 2, 3, 4; You're the one that I adore.
So I pray everyday more than anything, friends will stay as we begin to lay this foundation for a family. Love ain't simple, why can't it be? Anything worth having you work at annually, granted we've known each other for some time. It don't take a whole day to recognize sunshine.
When you meet the right person, you know it. You can't stop thinking about them. They are your best friend and your soulmate. You can't wait to spend the rest of your life with them. No one and nothing else can compare.
Make of our hands one hand. Make of our hearts one heart. Make of our vows one last vow: Only death will part us now.
With our love, we could save the world, if they only knew.
I cannot exist without you... I am forgetful of everything but seeing you again... My Life seems to stop there, I see no further. You have absorb'd me.
The same as I love you, you'll always love me too. This love isn't good unless it's me and you.
Love is the ultimate outlaw. It just won't adhere to any rules. The most any of us can do is to sign on as its accomplice. Instead of vowing to honor and obey, maybe we should swear to aid and abet. That would mean that security is out of the question. The words 'make' and 'stay' become inappropriate. My love for you has no strings attached. I love you for free.
I kiss your vision as it rises before my mind.
I search your profile for a translation. I study the conversation like a map, 'cause I know there is strength in the differences between us. And I know there is comfort where we overlap.
We get old and get used to each other. We think alike. We read each other's minds. We know what the other wants without asking. Sometimes we irritate each other a little bit. Maybe sometimes take each other for granted.
This matter, it's something bigger than anything ever graced my heart.
My blind eyes are desperately waiting for the sight of you.
She wasn't doing a thing that I could see, except standing there leaning on the balcony railing, holding the universe together.
But once in awhile, like today, I meditate on it and realize how lucky I am to share my life with the greatest woman I ever met. You still fascinate and inspire me. You influence me for the better. You're the object of my desire, the #1 Earthly reason for my existence. I love you very much.
As you wish.
Love me and the world is mine.
You make everything feel possible. You make me possible.
All of me loves all of you.
Kiss me. Kiss me as if it were the last time.
To live without loving is not really to live.
There are never enough 'I love yous.'
Come, live in my heart and pay no rent.
Love is old, love is new. Love is all, love is you.
Grow old along with me! The best is yet to be.
I need you so much closer.
My heart shall be thy garden.
O tell her, brief is life but love is long.
Never above you. Never below you. Always beside you.
I love you and it's getting worse.
It feels good to be the one, that you want when all I want is you.
The water shines only by the sun. And it is you who are my sun.
You are all of my today and all of my tomorrows.
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
Ever thine. Ever mine. Ever ours.
You do not have to be good. You do not have to walk on your knees for a hundred miles through the dester repenting. You only have to let the soft animal of your body love what it loves.
I love you. I've loved you since the first moment I saw you. I guess maybe I've even loved you before I saw you.
I would have really liked just doing laundry and taxes with you.
Love is composed of a single soul inhabiting two bodies.
If I know what love is, it is because of you.
If one day the moon calls you by your name don't be surprised, because every night I tell her about you.
I would rather share one lifetime with you than face all the ages of this world alone.
Deep within us, no matter who we are, there lives a feeling of wanting to be lovable, of wanting to be the kind of person that others like to be with. And the greatest thing we can do is to let people know that they are loved and capable of loving.
It's you. It's me. It's us.
I love you and I like you.
I hope it's okay if I love you forever.
For small creatures such as we, the vastness is bearable only through love.
Nobody has ever measured, not even poets, how much the heart can hold.
Love me, that's all I ask of you.
If you were in an accident, I wouldn't stop for red lights.
Love is a friendship set to music.
Who, being loved, is poor?
True love is inexhaustible. The more you give, the more you have.
To me you are perfect.
It doesn't make you weak to love someone.
Love is the longing for the half of ourselves we have lost.
But if you think there's any chance that I could make you happy, I wish you would let me try. Because it's the only thing I really want to do with my life.
But in a solitary life, there are rare moments when another soul dips near yours, as stars once a year brush the earth. Such a constellation was he to me.
I'm not a religious person but I do sometimes think God made you for me.
Love is a quiet, reassuring, relaxing, pottering, pedantic, harmonious hum of a thing; something you can easily forget is there, even though its palms are outstretched beneath you in case you fall.
 I said, and then I kissed her and tasted the lemon juice on her lips.
If I never see you again I will always carry you inside, outside; on my fingertips and at brain edges and in centers centers of what I am of what remains.
Just in case you ever foolishly forget, I'm never not thinking of you.
5, 6, 7, 8; I want you to be my mate. 1, 2, 3, 4; You're the one that I adore.
When you're a kid, you assume your parents are soulmates. My kids are gonna be right about that.
True love is singing karaoke 'Under Pressure' and letting the other person sing the Freddie Mercury part.
You're my one in five billion.
In case I forget to tell you later, I had a really good time tonight.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
Happiness is anyone and anything at all that's loved by you.
Maybe you don't need the whole world to love you, you know. Maybe you just need one person.
Once upon a time there was a boy who loved a girl, and her laughter was a question he wanted to spend his whole life answering.
It wasn't love at first sight. It took a full five minutes.
I love being married. It's so great to find that one special person you want to annoy for the rest of your life. 
Love is a two-way street constantly under construction.
The first draft of my vows, which I wrote the day after we got engaged, clocked in at around 70 pages.
Honestly, if you're not willing to sound stupid, you don't deserve to be in love.
I'm looking for someone to share in an adventure that I'm arranging, and it's very difficult to find anyone.
At the touch of love everyone becomes a poet.
Love is sharing your popcorn.
I'm in lesbians with you.
Since I've met you, I haven't listened to one ABBA song. That's because now my life's as good as an ABBA song. It's as good as 'Dancing Queen.'
Love is the condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
There is no remedy for love, but to love more.
There's only one thing that cuts through all our realities and that's love, the bridge between all our differences.
All, everything that I understand, I understand only because I love.
Because through love, we feel the intensity of our connection to everything and everyone. And at the core we are all the same. We're all one.
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend.
Absence is to love what wind is to fire; it extinguishes the small, it enkindles the great.
If you find me not within you, you will never find me. For I have been with you, from the beginning of me.
In all the world, there is no heart for me like yours. In all the world, there is no love for you like mine.
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched. They must be felt with the heart.
Love has nothing to do with what you are expecting to get, only with what you are expecting to give, which is everything.
Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud. It does not dishonor others, it is not self-seeking, it is not easily angered, it keeps no record of wrongs. Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. It always protects, always trusts, always hopes, always perseveres.
Be devoted to one another in love. Honor one another above yourselves.
But Ruth said, 'Do not urge me to leave you or turn back from following you; for where you go, I will go, and where you lodge, I will lodge. Your people shall be my people, and your God, my God.'
Don't just pretend to love others. Really love them. Hate what is wrong. Hold tightly to what is good. Love each other with genuine affection, and take delight in honoring each other.
There is no fear in love, but perfect love drives out fear, because fear involves punishment. The one who fears has not been perfected in love.
Be completely humble and gentle; be patient, bearing with one another in love.
Love is the absence of judgement.
The way is not in the sky. The way is in the heart.
Where there is love there is life.
And of His signs is that He created for you from yourselves mates that you may find tranquility in them; and He placed between you affection and mercy. Indeed in that are signs for a people who give thought.
Let him kiss me with the kisses of his mouth, for your love is better than wine.
Radiate boundless love towards the entire world, above, below, and across, unhindered, without ill will, without enmity.
Love and compassion are the true religions to me. But to develop this, we do not need to believe in any religion
A husband and wife are one soul, separated only through their descent to this world. When they are married, they are reunited again.
Love is a gift of one's inner most soul to another so both can be whole.
A man should eat and drink less than his means, clothes himself according to his means, and honor his wife and children beyond his means.
What do you want? You want the moon? Just say the word and I'll throw a lasso around it and pull it down.
You have bewitched me, body and soul.
Do all lovers feel they're inventing something?
If I loved you less, I might be able to talk about it more.
It was a million tiny little things that, when you added them all up, they meant we were supposed to be together, and I knew it. I knew it the first time I touched her. It was like coming home, only to no home I'd ever known. I was just taking her hand to help her out of a car and I knew it. It was like magic.
When you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.
Call me by your name, and I'll call you by mine.
Swoon. I'll catch you.
I want all of you, forever, you and me, every day.
You had me at 'hello.'
You don't marry someone you can live with, you marry the person you cannot live without.
It seems right now that all I've ever done in my life is making my way here to you.
I wish I had done everything on earth with you.
In my opinion, the best thing you can do is find someone who loves you for exactly what you are. Good mood, bad mood, ugly, pretty, handsome, what have you.
It's like in that moment the whole universe existed just to bring us together.
Love is not love which alters when it alteration finds, or bends with the remover to remove. O no! it is an ever-fixed mark, that looks on tempests and is never shaken.
Doubt thou the stars are fire. Doubt that the sun doth move. Doubt truth to be a liar. But never doubt I love.
I do love nothing in the world so well as you.
Love looks not with the eyes but with the mind.
Hear my soul speak. Of the very instant that I saw you, did my heart fly at your service.
Love comforteth like sunshine after rain.
I love you with so much of my heart that none is left to protest.
My dream wouldn't be complete without you in it.
Some people are worth melting for.
It's enough for this restless wanderer just to be with you.
I look at you, and I'm home.
All at once everything looks different, now that I see you.
Love is a song that never ends.
You mean more to me than anyone in this whole world.
You are my greatest adventure.
One song, my heart keeps singing, of one love only for you.
I'd rather die tomorrow than live a hundred years without knowing you.
Love is an open door.
Yes, you'll be in my heart. From this day on, now and forever more.
So this is love. So this is what makes life divine.
Each happy ending's a brand new beginning.
Any day spent with you is my favorite day.
People always do crazy things when they're in love.
For it is plain as anyone can see, we're simply meant to be.
To face the future with another, who means more than any other, is to be loved.
You, you make loving fun. And I don't have to tell you, but you're the only one.
The only heaven I'll be sent to is when I'm alone with you.
Open your door, I'll be your tenant. Don't got much baggage to lay at your feet. But sweet kisses, I've got to spare. I'll be there, and I'll cover you
I've loved her in secret. I've loved her out loud.
You know I dreamed about you for twenty-nine years before I saw you. You know I dreamed about you. I missed you for, for twenty-nine years.
I never get bored of lookin' at you 'cause every time I see somethin' new.
Don't read the last page. But I stay when you're lost, and I'm scared, and you're turning away. I want your midnights. But I'll be cleaning up bottles with you on New Year's Day.
Things will come out right now, we can make it so. Someone is on your side. No one is alone.
Are the stars out tonight? I don't know if it's cloudy or bright. I only have eyes for you, dear.
I see your face in every flower, your eyes in stars above. It's just the thought of you; the very thought of you, my love.
I feel safe when you're holding me near. Love the way that you conquer your fear. You know hearts don't break around here.
Don't promise me fair sky above. Don't promise me kind road below. Just walk beside me, love, any way the wind blows.
I believe in dreams again. I believe that love will never end. And like the river finds the sea, I was lost. Now I'm free, 'cause I believe in you and me.
Two hearts that beat as one; our lives have just begun
If you say run, I'll run with you. And if you say hide, we'll hide. Because my love for you would break my heart in two if you should fall into my arms and tremble like a flower.
When I first saw you, I saw love. And the first time you touched me, I felt love. And after all this time, you're still the one I love.
'Cause even when there is no star in sight, you'll always be my only guiding light.
We'll lay here for years or for hours, your hand in my hand, so still and discreet.
And if you ever forget how much you really mean to me, every day I will remind you.
If not for you, my sky would fall. Rain would gather, too. Without your love, I'd be nowhere at all. I'd be lost, if not for you.
That's what happens when innocent friends turn serious lovers. And we're so happy that we've fallen in love and still can be best of friends.
Yours is the first face that I saw. I think I was blind before I met you. Now I don't know where I am, I don't know where I've been, but I know where I want to go.
You're the best friend that I ever had. I've been with you such a long time. You're my sunshine and I want you to know.
It's very clear. Our love is here to stay. Not for a year, but ever and a day.
Close your eyes and I'll kiss you. Tomorrow I'll miss you. Remember I'll always be true. And then while I'm away, I'll write home everyday. And I'll send all my loving to you.
And if heaven and hell decide that they both are satisfied, illuminate the no's on their vacancy signs; if there's no one beside you when your soul embarks then I'll follow you into the dark.
Take my hand. Take my whole life, too. For I can't help falling in love with you.
At last, my love has come along. My lonely days are over and life is like a song.
Never knew the best was yet to come. Life began when I saw your face, and I hear your laugh like a serenade.
And in this crazy life and through these crazy times, it's you, it's you. You make me sing. You're every line, you're every word, you're everything.
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.
Lying in your arms, could be Jupiter or Mars. You say I hang the stars in your eyes, but you put the universe in mine.
Now everybody asks me why I'm smiling out from ear to ear.
Isn't it just so pretty to think all along there was some invisible string tying you to me?
It feels like springtime in winter; it feels like Christmas in June. It feels like heaven has opened up it's gates for me and you.
Through weakness and strength, happiness and sorrow, for better, for worse; I will love you with every beat of my heart.
From here on after, let's stay the way we are right now; And share all the love and laughter that a lifetime will allow.
Be a best friend, tell the truth and overuse 'I love you.'
Lonely days of uncertainty, they disappear when you're near me, when you're around my life's worthwhile, and now I long to see you smile.
I can't do everything, but I'd do anything for you. I can't do anything except be in love with you.
Beneath the chandelier of stars and atmosphere, tangled like the roots on the ground. The windows opened up, the wind is blowing and we're both not making a sound. It's like I'm melting on into you.
Only the united beat of sex and the heart can create ecstasy.
You turned my bed into a sacred oasis,
We lie in each other's arms eyes shut and fingers open and all the colors of the world pass through our bodies like strings of fire.
Please never forget that the sun rises and sets with your smile. At least to me it does. You're the only thing on this planet worth worshipping.
You know what flames the spark and keeps it burning? Romance.
I like to think that romance is a state of mind(ful appreciation). It starts with slowing down, taking a moment to recognize the wonderful things in your life, and then, expressing your gratitude for them.
If you, re stuck on ways to verbalize your gratitude to that special someone in your life, fear not, we, re here to help.
Here are 60 romantic quotes that will warm their heart and melt their soul:
Your love is all I need to feel complete.
Everything I, ve never done, I want to do with you.
When I listen to my heart, it whispers your name.
I wanna make you the kinda happy that when you lay in bed at night, you, re like, , Wow, who knew this was possible., 
, In your light, I learn how to love. In your beauty, how to make poems. You dance inside my chest where no-one sees you, but sometimes I do, and that sight becomes this art.,  , , Rumi
I, ll never finish falling in love with you.
When I am with you, the only place I want to be is closer.
, So, I love you because the entire universe conspired to help me find you.,  , , Paolo Coelho
The moment when you roll over, put your arm around me and pull me close is the moment that makes my life complete.
, We may argue and have our ups and downs, but any poor soul who ever tries to get between us will find out that our love is stronger than ever.,  ,  Steve Maraboli
All that you are is all that I, ll ever need.
The sun is up, the sky is blue, today is beautiful, and so are you.
, I would rather spend one lifetime with you, than face all the ages of this world alone.,  , , J.R.R Tolkien
I love you for all that you are, all that you have been, and all that you will be.
, Rest against my heart. Let me watch over your dreams. And know that tomorrow morning, and every morning after that, you, ll awaken next to someone who loves you.,  ,  Lisa Kleypas
In a sea of people, my eyes will always be searching for you.
Living a life with you is a dream come true, being with you is such a blessing, it, s true.
, My armor is off. This is not a battle, this is love. And I will not wear a thing.,  ,  Lauren Eden
Flowers are not as beautiful as you, stars are not as bright as you, life would not be as perfect without you.
, When you look at me, when you think of me, I am in paradise.,  , , William Makepeace Thackeray
All is right in this world with you in my arms.
There are only two times that I want to be with you. Now and Forever.
Loved you yesterday, love you still, always have, always will.,  , , Elaine Davis
Any day spent with you is my favorite day. So, today is my new favorite day.
, How do I love thee? Let me count the ways. I love thee to the depth and breadth and height my soul can reach.,  , , Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Being in love with you makes every morning worth waking up for.
Let us flip the coin and see: heads, I am yours, tails you are mine. We could never lose.
, If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you.,  , , A. A. Milne
Give me a kiss and I will serenade you among the stars, give me your love and I will pluck each star to lay at your feet.
, My love for you has no depth, its boundaries are ever-expanding. My love and my life with you will be a never-ending story.,  , , Christina White
You, re nothing short of my everything.
, I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you., , ,  Roy Croft
Walk with me through life,  and I, ll have everything we need for the journey.
Flowers need sunshine, violets need dew, all angels in heaven know that I need you.
, But I love your feet only because they walked upon the earth and upon the wind and upon the waters, until they found me.,  , , Pablo Neruda
Loving and romancing you is my hobby.
What I have with you, I don, t want with anyone else.
Ever since I met you nobody else is worth thinking about.
Thinking of you keeps me awake. Dreaming of you keeps me asleep. Being with you keeps me alive.
, For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.,  , , Judy Garland
Some people search their whole lives to find what I found in you.
Your happiness is what I strive for. Your love is what I live for.
, In your smile, I see something more beautiful than the stars.,  ,  Beth Revis
Forever you and me, forever we will always be, together forever until eternity.
My love for you is as deep as the ocean, as colorful as a rainbow, and as steady as a mountain.
I want all my lasts to be with you.
My life, s biggest accomplishment is that I get to be with you every day.
, You, re the poem I never knew how to write, and this life is the story I always wanted to tell.,  , , Tyler Knott Gregson
If I had to pick between laughing together and crying together, I would pick crying because I, d never want you to cry alone.
Your arms have held me at my weakest, your eyes have seen me at my worst and your heart has loved me through the darkest of times. I, m so thankful for you and the love we share.
You know what flames the spark and keeps it burning? Romance.
I like to think that romance is a state of mind(ful appreciation). It starts with slowing down, taking a moment to recognize the wonderful things in your life, and then, expressing your gratitude for them.
If you, re stuck on ways to verbalize your gratitude to that special someone in your life, fear not, we, re here to help.
Here are 60 romantic quotes that will warm their heart and melt their soul:
Your love is all I need to feel complete.
Everything I, ve never done, I want to do with you.
When I listen to my heart, it whispers your name.
I wanna make you the kinda happy that when you lay in bed at night, you, re like, , Wow, who knew this was possible., 
, In your light, I learn how to love. In your beauty, how to make poems. You dance inside my chest where no-one sees you, but sometimes I do, and that sight becomes this art.,  , , Rumi
I, ll never finish falling in love with you.
When I am with you, the only place I want to be is closer.
, So, I love you because the entire universe conspired to help me find you.,  , , Paolo Coelho
The moment when you roll over, put your arm around me and pull me close is the moment that makes my life complete.
, We may argue and have our ups and downs, but any poor soul who ever tries to get between us will find out that our love is stronger than ever.,  ,  Steve Maraboli
All that you are is all that I, ll ever need.
The sun is up, the sky is blue, today is beautiful, and so are you.
, I would rather spend one lifetime with you, than face all the ages of this world alone.,  , , J.R.R Tolkien
I love you for all that you are, all that you have been, and all that you will be.
, Rest against my heart. Let me watch over your dreams. And know that tomorrow morning, and every morning after that, you, ll awaken next to someone who loves you.,  ,  Lisa Kleypas
In a sea of people, my eyes will always be searching for you.
Living a life with you is a dream come true, being with you is such a blessing, it, s true.
, My armor is off. This is not a battle, this is love. And I will not wear a thing.,  ,  Lauren Eden
Flowers are not as beautiful as you, stars are not as bright as you, life would not be as perfect without you.
, When you look at me, when you think of me, I am in paradise.,  , , William Makepeace Thackeray
All is right in this world with you in my arms.
There are only two times that I want to be with you. Now and Forever.
Loved you yesterday, love you still, always have, always will.,  , , Elaine Davis
Any day spent with you is my favorite day. So, today is my new favorite day.
, How do I love thee? Let me count the ways. I love thee to the depth and breadth and height my soul can reach.,  , , Elizabeth Barrett Browning
Being in love with you makes every morning worth waking up for.
Let us flip the coin and see: heads, I am yours, tails you are mine. We could never lose.
, If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day so I never have to live without you.,  , , A. A. Milne
Give me a kiss and I will serenade you among the stars, give me your love and I will pluck each star to lay at your feet.
, My love for you has no depth, its boundaries are ever-expanding. My love and my life with you will be a never-ending story.,  , , Christina White
You, re nothing short of my everything.
, I love you not only for what you are, but for what I am when I am with you., , ,  Roy Croft
Walk with me through life,  and I, ll have everything we need for the journey.
Flowers need sunshine, violets need dew, all angels in heaven know that I need you.
, But I love your feet only because they walked upon the earth and upon the wind and upon the waters, until they found me.,  , , Pablo Neruda
Loving and romancing you is my hobby.
What I have with you, I don, t want with anyone else.
Ever since I met you nobody else is worth thinking about.
Thinking of you keeps me awake. Dreaming of you keeps me asleep. Being with you keeps me alive.
, For it was not into my ear you whispered, but into my heart. It was not my lips you kissed, but my soul.,  , , Judy Garland
Some people search their whole lives to find what I found in you.
Your happiness is what I strive for. Your love is what I live for.
, In your smile, I see something more beautiful than the stars.,  ,  Beth Revis
Forever you and me, forever we will always be, together forever until eternity.
My love for you is as deep as the ocean, as colorful as a rainbow, and as steady as a mountain.
I want all my lasts to be with you.
My life, s biggest accomplishment is that I get to be with you every day.
, You, re the poem I never knew how to write, and this life is the story I always wanted to tell.,  , , Tyler Knott Gregson
If I had to pick between laughing together and crying together, I would pick crying because I, d never want you to cry alone.
Your arms have held me at my weakest, your eyes have seen me at my worst and your heart has loved me through the darkest of times. I, m so thankful for you and the love we share.
